Case 1. User successful login attempt
    A user of the firm enters the correct credentials for username/email and password.
    The user is logged in and redirected to the main screen.
Case 2. User failed login attempt
    User enters the incorrect credentials for username/email and password.
    User cannot log in and is prevented from moving further.
    User will be displayed a message where they are required to enter the correct credentials.
Case 3. Bailiff posts new case
    Bailiff logs in to the web app.
    Bailiff is redirected to the main page-
    User clicks on the “Add New Case” button.
    Necessary documentation and information are added.
    The case is posted on the main page, where other members can access its information.
Case 4. Firm members view new case
    User logs in to the web app.
    User is redirected to the main page.
    User clicks on the new case that is added to the main page.
    User can access the information posted by the bailiff.
    Sorting documents
Case 5. User logs in to the web app.
    User goes to the “Cases” button, where they are redirected to the page where cases are stored.
    User selects between two categories, ”Ongoing Cases” and “Closed Cases”.
    User chooses the sort option to sort documents by specified criteria.
Case 6. Updating Case status
    User logs in to the web app.
    User goes to the “Cases button, where they are redirected to the page where cases are stored.
    User selects between two categories, “Ongoing Cases” and “Closed Cases”.
    User changes the status of the case from “Ongoing” to “Closed”, and vice-versa.
Case 7. Accountant generates revenue and loss statement
    Accountant logs in to the web app.
    User goes to the “Cases” button, where they are redirected to the page where cases are stored.
    User selects the “Closed Cases” category.
    User gets a list of all fees recorded for closed cases with “Get List”.
    User uploads an income statement sheet, for the admin to see.
Case 8. User logout
    User is logged in.
    User clicks on logout button.
    User is successfully redirected to login screen.
Case 9. User failed logout attempt
    User is logged in.
    User click on logout button.
    User in not redirected to login screen.
    User is displayed message that shows “Error! Something went wrong!”.
